This lunatic is just lunatic
I really thought I was out of heaven and earth
Hahahaha
How dare this trash go?
Well, I'd like to see how you die
Humph, I don't know how high and thick the grass is, mortal
In front of the Kunlun mirror
Only death is certain
This mortal approaches and dies
Longevity City can actually enter God Street
This is impossible.
Just a few lucky steps
After five steps, he must die suddenly
No, look at the radiance beneath his feet
Clouds in the sky
Yanran is a sign of the arrival of immortals
Master, do you mean
Can his mortal body anger young idlers?
Skyfall
This person must be extraordinary
Absolutely impossible
A mere porter's waste
How can you have such strength?
I have only taken 9 steps into the realm of heaven and man
He actually took 5 steps as a mortal
Only five steps can be taken after ten years of hard work
How did he do it?
Why isn't he down yet?
Does he want to break through time with his mortal body?
How is that possible?
Even if he was lucky enough to take these five steps
When you reach the tenth step, your soul will definitely be scattered
Here it is.
Through the ages, the golden light shines through the sky
Was this all attracted by Zhang Shoucheng?
Could Zhang Shoucheng be able to evoke the Casting God Buddha?
The Heavenly Ghost Vein is impossible